docs/CONTRIBUTING: convert links to reference links (#54)
snugnug/hjem-rum: README.md

# Hjem Rum

> A module collection for managing your `$HOME` with [Hjem][hjem-repo].

Reviewer: Can't we just like have the bottom thing be the same as the first thing? like

```md
Please see the [link] for more information.

[link]: https://www.github.com

Reviewer: Or, here it would be 

```suggestion
A module collection for managing your `$HOME` with [Hjem].

[Hjem]: https://www.github.com/feel-co/hjem
```
